it's intern season isn't it as an
ex-googler fleet this is the time I fear
the most
you just got these rambunctious kids
eating my food drinking my water
breathing my air and then contaminating
it by exhaling entrance would be okay if
they would actually serve me tea or
coffee sometimes but it seems the only
thing to actually want to do is a
machine-learning stop just stop doing
that thing whatever you're doing
[Music]
in question
and the worst thing is they're
generating negative value for the
company I can't wait until these kids
just leave so I can go and delete all of
their stupid projects because none of
this is going to production action
I don't do you told you at the time
[Music]
I mean they're just churning out tons
and tons of garbage quality code none of
it is good
[Music]
dude get on my chair stop copying my
videos
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't owe you a time
[Music]